Improve wording (#24354)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/common_questions/how_does_the_internet_work/index.md

If you want to send a message to a computer, you have to specify which one. Thus any computer linked to a network has a unique address that identifies it, called an "IP address" (where IP stands for _Internet Protocol_). It's an address made of a series of four numbers separated by dots, for example: `192.168.2.10`.

> That's perfectly fine for computers, but we human beings have a hard time remembering that sort of address. To make things easier, we can alias an IP address with a human-readable name called a _domain name_. e.g., `google.com` is the domain name used on top of the IP address `142.250.190.78`(at the time of writing; IP addresses may change). So using the domain name is the easiest way for us to reach a computer over the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's perfectly fine for computers, but we human beings have a hard time remembering that sort of address. To make things easier, we can alias an IP address with a human-readable name called a _domain name_. For example, `google.com` is the domain name used on top of the IP address `142.250.190.78` (at the time of writing; IP addresses may change). So using the domain name is the easiest way for us to reach a computer over the Internet.
```

Author: It looks fine!
